today I'd like to introduce a new
product the precision caster I'm here
with the inventor ejection is going to
tell us more about it jack hi folks Jack
what exactly is the precision cast well
doing the caster consists of a twin
propulsion system for maximum
maneuverability a radio control unit to
control the caster and a patented lure
release system to release your veins no
jack how exactly does the precision has
to work and what does it do first off
Dillon the position caster consists of
two batteries one in the caster and one
of the remote control unit and how does
it work well let me show you before you
start make sure both batteries are fully
charged now turn on the remote control
unit and the caster now connect your
fishing line to the caster using the
swivel hook hold down the release button
and release or we start I would like to
share with you in fishing tip the
precision caster comes with a built-in
fishing so in our attachment system oh
so you know which way to bring the
precision caster exactly Oh jack what
kind of words can be used with the
precision caster you can use live or
artificial bait now let's look for fish
but there's fish
now that we found the fish let's bring
the lower to the fish I don't know jack
this was pretty far out I'll Park in the
scum villain this baby can go up to 500
feet away
nice cast wow I never be able to catch
this far he's fun to drive to if we had
a second line we could bring and send
out another line to the fish now you can
reach any point on this lake from this
very location thanks Jack for inventing
the precision caster making many of the
fishermen pet I myself very heavy it was
my pleasure for more information visit
our website at precision caster calm